Hi Leo,

Sorry for the delay in getting a chance to look at this. I've run it locally on
my machine on the data of a few sessions and I think generally speaking the
results look great! The median-filtered data really helps improve the
correlation coefficients, and keeps them from being dominated by a few bad
outliers.

I agree that a higher value for the median threshold (when choosing band-pols)
appears to do a better job selecting the appropriate band pols. In fact I think
we could probably get away with an even higher threshold (say 0.7 or
so). However, I expect we will probably get the best results by using a 'tuned'
value of the median threshold for each station. For example, looking through a
few sessions and judging by 'eye' it looks like using a median threshold value
of 0.75 for GGAO does a good job eliminating the problematic band-pols, whereas
for Wettzell, this threshold is too high and a more appropriate value might be
something like 0.5.

Based on this experience I think it might be useful to try to quantify a best
value for the median threshold to be used for each individual station. I don't
think we need to be extremely precise with this, covering the space from 0-1.0
in increments of 0.1 should probably be sufficient, but to make a quantitative
measurement of the best value I think the most reliable way to do this would be
to directly compare the resulting delay (.pcmt) files generated from the
band-pols your program selects (for each trial value of the threshold)
against the existing .pcmt files for each station.

To generate a .pcmt file from individual band-pol .dat files, you simply need to
run the program pcc_select.py and pass it the selected band-pols for each
station in the form of a comma separate list.

For example, let's say your program suggests (for a particular threshold value)
to use band-pols (BX,BY,CX,CY,DX) for station 'G', then to make the .pcmt file
for this selection you would run.

pcc_select.py -d /. -e vo0009 -s G:BX,BY,CX,CY,DX

This then averages together the delays found in each .dat file and produces the
resulting .pcmt file (which is later passed on to the software which creates the
geodetic database for analysis).

Then, to compare how well the resulting .pcmt file replicates the previously
generated .pcmt file (which should also be found in the pcc_datfiles directory)
you should simply need to form the differences in the delay values for each
scan. Since doing this for several stations/sessions and various thresholds
would probably generate a lot of data you may want to try to distill the
differences between each pair of .pcmt files into a single value (perhaps the
mean, median or RMS delay difference...I'll leave that to you to decide).

In the end, I suspect that there will be a relatively small range of values for
the median threshold applied to each station which will minimize the delay
differences between the pre-existing .pcmt and the one generated from the
band-pols that your select_bandpol.py program chooses. Hopefully, from that it
should be relatively straightforward to choose a recommended threshold value for
each station.

Please let me know if you have any questions on this, though I will be out until
the 8th, so I may not get back to you immediately.

Enjoy the long holiday weekend!


Best,

John
